DOC_ID: 280
Requires the Department of Administrative Services to establish a public inventory of state agencies' existing use of AI systems; this inventory should include whether the system was employed to independently make or inform decisions, and whether it undergone an impact assessment before implementation

Requires the Office of Policy and Management to develop policies to govern state agencies' procurement and use of AI systems; this includes requiring state agencies to conduct impact assessments for these systems and to ensure systems do not unlawfully discriminate against individuals or groups

Bans state agencies from implementing any AI system unless it had performed an impact assessment to prevent unlawful discrimination, effective February 1 2024

Requires the Judicial Department to establish a public inventory of its systems that employ AI, including whether the AI system had undergone impact assessments and was used to make or support conclusions; also requires the department to introduce policies to govern the use of AI, and to prevent unlawful discrimination

Establishes a working group comprising industry representatives and academics to engage stakeholders and experts and make recommendations on the state government's use of AI; this includes recommendations on the adoption of a Connecticut artificial intelligence bill of rights based on the White House Office of Science and Technology Policy's 'Blueprint for an AI Bill of Rights'

---

DOC_ID: 281
Requires the California Department of Technology, in coordination with other agencies, to analyze the benefits and risks of all high-risk automated decision systems that have been proposed for use, development, or procurement by, or are being used, developed, or procured by, state agencies. 

Requires the analysis to include a description of, among other things, the categories of data and personal information the automated decision system uses to make its decisions. 

Requires the Department of Technology to submit an annual report on the above-described comprehensive analysis to specified committees of the California Legislature.

---

DOC_ID: 282
Clarifies that content generated by artificial intelligence without significant creative contribution from a human is ineligible for U.S. copyright protection.

Also clarifies that contributions made by a human to content that was created with the assistance of AI remain eligible for copyright protection.

Describes various situations in which content generated with the assistance of AI would, and would not, qualify for copyright protection. 

Instructs copyright applicants on how to apply for copyright protection for content generated with the assistance of AI. 

---

DOC_ID: 283
Clarifies that artificial intelligence cannot qualify as a "person" for the purpose of North Dakota state law.

---

DOC_ID: 284
Requires employers who use AI to analyze video interviews of applicants in Illinois to notify and receive consent from the applicant before the interview and provide information explaining how the AI system works and what characteristics it uses to evaluate applicants.

Requires employers to refrain from sharing applicant videos except what’s necessary to evaluate the applicant and delete videos, including any copies shared with other actors, upon applicant request within 30 days.

---

DOC_ID: 285
Defines the term "technical position" as a Department of Defense position that (1) requires expertise in artificial intelligence, data science, or software development and (2) is eligible for direct hire authority under section 9905 of title 5, United States Code, or section 2358a of title 10, United States Code. 

Instructs the human resources manager of each Department of Defense participating organization to identify a subset of technical positions for which electronic portfolios should be evaluated during the hiring process.

Requires the Human Resources manager to evaluate applicants for such positions by reviewing their best electronic portfolios, as chosen by the applicant.

Directs the Secretary of Defense to submit a report to the congressional defense committee on the results of the program that describes how electronic portfolios affected the timeliness of technical position hiring, the level of satisfaction with new hires based on electronic portfolio evaluations, and recommends expanding the use of electronic portfolios in the hiring process or making it permanent.

---

DOC_ID: 286
Directs the Secretary of Commerce to establish national cybersecurity challenges by 2028 through building more resilient cyber systems, increasing American digital literacy, and advancing efforts to develop emerging technologies.

Directs the Secretary of Commerce to coordinate with other agencies to address these challenges through competitions and soliciting funds from both government and non-government entities. 

Directs the Secretary of Commerce to designate an advisory council to seek further recommendations.

---

DOC_ID: 287
Use updated algorithms, data, AI tools, and algorithms to modernize infrastructure. Ways to improve infrastructure include efficiency, validation, accuracy, modeling, and monitoring. The directive aims to enhance covered agencies' capacity to meet mission requirements in congested Federal spectrum environments through the implementation of automated adjustments, the creation of a time-based mechanism for collaborative spectrum sharing among agencies, and fostering collaboration to ensure interoperability. 

Within 240 days of the enactment of this Act, the Assistant Secretary of Commerce for Communications and Information is required to submit to Congress a report outlining a plan for the National Telecommunications and Information Administration (NTIA) to modernize and automate its infrastructure for managing the use of Federal spectrum by covered agencies, with the goal of improving efficiency in spectrum management in ways such as a timeline for implementation, plans for security enhancement, data model improvement, and workflow automation. 

Within one year of the enactment of this Act, the head of each covered agency is required to submit a report to the Assistant Secretary of Commerce for Communications and Information and the Policy and Plans Steering Group outlining a plan to modernize the agency's infrastructure. Each submitted report must include an assessment of their current capabilities, a timeline for completion, management capabilities, agency requirements or restrictions, existing infrastructure, and a plan for safe integration of government data.

The Comptroller General of the United States is mandated to conduct a review of covered agencies' infrastructure within 180 days of the Act's enactment and subsequently oversee the implementation of modernization plans submitted by the Assistant Secretary and covered agencies, providing regular reports and briefings to relevant congressional committees until December 31, 2030. The term "covered agency" includes any Federal entity, as determined by the Assistant Secretary, encompassing the Department of Defense, and "infrastructure" is defined as information technology systems and related tools and databases.


---

DOC_ID: 288
Instructs the Secretary of Defense to assign roles and responsibilities relating to the research, development, testing, procurement of, requirements for, and operational use of artificial intelligence technologies to appropriate officials within the Department of Defense.

Supports the incorporation of standards for artificial intelligence into the strategies and doctrine of the Department.

Stipulates the roles of the Director of the joint Artificial Intelligence center.

Encourages the systematic evaluation of AI systems.

Instructs the Secretary of Defense to establish a board of advisors for the Joint Artificial Intelligence Center with responsibilities like providing strategic advice and expertise to the Secretary and the Director on matters relating to the development and use of artificial intelligence.

Instructs the Secretary of Defense to identify a set of no fewer than five use cases of the application of existing artificial intelligence enabled systems to support improved management of enterprise acquisition, personnel, audit, or financial management functions.

Instructs the Secretary of Defense to conduct an assessment to determine how the Department can most effectively implement ethically and responsibly developed artificial intelligence.

Requires the secretary to pilot technology development and prototyping activities that leverage commercially available technologies and systems to demonstrate new artificial intelligence enabled capabilities to support the use cases.

Permits the secretary of Defense to establish a steering committee on emerging technology and national security threats, which committee shall develop a strategy for the organizational change, capability development, and technology investments in emerging technologies needed to maintain the technological superiority of the United States military.


---

DOC_ID: 289
Mandates that the Secretary of the Navy must submit a report of risk and performance to the congressional defense committees 30 days before the purchase of unmanned surface vessels or vehicles.

Mandates that the Secretary cannot integrate offensive weapons systems into unmanned surface vessels or vehicles until 30 days after certifying that the vessel will comply with legal and performance requirements.

Requires that the Secretary submit an analysis of alternatives related to the offensive military use of unmanned surface vessels or vehicles within a year of enactment.

---

