DOC_ID: 320
Requires the Secretary of Defense to conduct annually, through 2029, an internal review of the Department of Defense's plan for the digital engineer career track. The review shall include consideration of how the rapid rate of technological change in data science and machine learning may affect the implementation of the plan.

Requires the Secretary to submit annually, through 2029, a report to the congressional defense committees on the findings of that internal review. The report shall include the Secretary's plan for addressing the digital engineer personnel needs of the Department. 

---

DOC_ID: 321
Instructs the Director of National Intelligence to provide a briefing to the congressional intelligence committees on the status and implementation of working groups on the People's Republic of China's activities regarding certain technologies, including artificial intelligence. 

Instructs working groups to assess the investments made by the People's Republic of China in AI, the competitive practices of the People's Republic of China relating to AI, opportunities to counter those practices, and US vulnerabilities in the supply chain of AI.

---

DOC_ID: 322
Requires the Director of National Intelligence to produce a comprehensive analysis of the intelligence community's cloud initiatives relating to the Commercial Cloud Enterprise contract entered into by the Director of the Central Intelligence Agency in November of 2020. 

Requires the above analysis to include projected cloud computing costs, plans for the termination of legacy data storage mechanisms, an assessment of the value and efficacy of cloud computing tools and analytics, and the suitability of existing computing arrangements to service artificial intelligence systems for the intelligence community. 

Requires the Director of National Intelligence to brief the congressional intelligence and appropriations committees on the findings of the analysis detailed above. 

---

DOC_ID: 323
Requires the Secretary of the Navy, in coordination with the Shipyard Infrastructure Optimization Program of the Department of the Navy, to develop a strategy for using artificial intelligence to better predict maintenance needs at U.S. Navy shipyards.

Requires the Secretary of the Navy to evaluate the potential cost savings of adopting artificial intelligence predictive maintenance technologies.

Requires the Secretary of the Navy to brief congressional defense committees on the strategy and evaluation described above. 

---

DOC_ID: 324
Grants the Chief Digital and Artificial Intelligence Officer of the Department of Defense the authority to access and control data on behalf of the Secretary of Defense.

Requires the Secretary to establish the Chief Digital and Artificial Intelligence Officer Governing Council, which will provide policy oversight to ensure the responsible, coordinated, and ethical deployment of AI across Department of Defense missions and operations.

Requires the Council to submit a report on its activities in the past period to the Secretary and Congress at least once every 18 months.

---

DOC_ID: 325
Requires the Secretary of the Army to submit to Congress a report on the strategy of the Army for tactical wheeled vehicles, including autonomous vehicles. The report shall be submitted with the budget justification materials submitted in support of the budget of the Department of Defense for each of FY 2025, 2030, and 2035.

Requires the report to include a description of the force structure and funding necessary for the tactical wheeled vehicle program to support the U.S.'s national security strategy, along with detailed rundown of a program for the construction of tactical wheeled vehicles and the estimated cost of such a program. 

Requires the Secretary of the Army to, within 15 days of the budget materials submission described above, brief the congressional defense committees on the investment needed for each platform of tactical wheeled vehicle.

---

DOC_ID: 326
Creates the Chief Artificial Intelligence Officer position, who will be responsible for (a) the evaluation and facilitation of responsible AI and machine learning usage and (b) advising the Secretary of State on ethical AI and analytics usage in diplomacy.

Instructs the Chief Artificial Intelligence Officer to partner with the Chief Information Officer on scaling AI use cases.

---

DOC_ID: 327
Updates and extends the DoD's AI and ML acquisition framework and requires a plan for acquisition authority delegation and a demonstration of acquisition authority capabilities.

Mandates the creation of a bug bounty program for foundational AI models within the DoD, promoting collaboration with federal entities and cybersecurity experts. Requires briefing the congressional defense committees on the program within one year.

Instructs the Secretary of Defense to establish a competition to advance technologies for detecting and watermarking generative AI content. Requires annual briefing to the congressional defense committees.

Directs the Secretary of Defense to issue DoD-wide guidance and policy on AI, including with regard to ethical AI use, bias mitigation, cybersecurity, technical workforce assessments, AI literacy needs and related training programs, protection against adversarial AI, protecting the intellectual property of DoD AI system suppliers, AI's potential role in developing offensive actions, availability of inputs for AI, verification and evaluation frameworks, potential vulnerabilities of AI models and human oversight of autonomous systems. Requires briefing the congressional defense committees within 150 days.

Requires a study on the vulnerabilities of AI-enabled military applications, focusing on explainability, security risks, and the integration of decision support systems, with a final report for the congressional defense committees detailing findings and research gaps.

---

DOC_ID: 328
Requires the Secretary of State, in consultation with the Secretary of Defense and other agency heads, to submit to Congress a biennial report on the AUKUS partnership, including an assessment of efforts to enhance AUKUS collaboration on artificial intelligence.

Requires the Secretary of State, in consultation with the Secretary of Defense, to create an expedited technology transfer approval process for transferring artificial intelligence systems and other defense technologies to AUKUS partners. 

---

DOC_ID: 329
Instructs the Secretary of Defense to establish the 'Chief Digital and Artificial Intelligence Officer Governing Council' to oversee policy ensuring responsible and ethical use of data and AI in Department of Defense missions.

Requires  The council, led by the Chief Digital and AI Officer, to develop, implement, and oversee AI, coordinating governance, and providing ethical guidance. 

Instructs the council to identify, monitor, and update recommendations for AI use, review program funding,  and ensure compliance with AI policies. 

Instructs the council to issue guidance on access and distribution restrictions relating to data, models, tool sets, testing or validation infrastructure.

Instructs the council to implement and oversee an educational program on data and artificial intelligence, to familiarize personnel department on the applications of artificial intelligence.

Mandates all data collection, use, or retention measures  to comply with relevant laws and regulations, including those concerning data related to US persons.

Requires an establishment of a course of education at the Defense Information School, the purpose of which shall be to provide instruction on the practical concepts and skills.

Instructs the Director of the Defense Media Activity to carry out a pilot program to assess the feasibility and advisability of implementing industry open technical standards for digital content provenance for official photographs and videos of the Department of Defense 


---

