DOC_ID: 340
Updates the DoD Management Reform Framework that mandates the Secretary of Defense to introduce reforms within DoD that enhance its efficiency and efficacy. Adds AI tools for management decision-making as one of eight elements of reform.

---

DOC_ID: 341
Requires the Secretary of Defense to submit a strategy to increase competitive opportunities for U.S. companies in transitioning critical technologies into major weapon systems and defense programs. AI and machine learning are mentioned as one of the 13 critical technologies and several other technologies mentioned may relate to AI.

---

DOC_ID: 342
Requires the Defense Acquisition University President to enhance curricula on software, cybersecurity, and hardware acquisition with information on various digital technologies, including AI and machine learning.

Requires the Secretary of Defense and the Defense Acquisition University President to submit a plan for the implementation of the new curricula within 180 days. The new curricula must be offered within one year of the submission.

Requires said roles to submit a cost-benefit assessment to Congress one year after the first report.

---

DOC_ID: 343
Instructs the Director of National Intelligence to designate an official from the intelligence community to serve as the lead coordinator for countering and neutralizing the proliferation of Iran-origin unmanned aircraft systems.

Requires this Coordinator to develop a comprehensive plan of action, driven by intelligence information, for countering and neutralizing the threats posed by the proliferation of Iran-origin unmanned aircraft systems and submit a briefing of such plans to the Congress.

Requires the Director of National Intelligence to submit a final report on the activities and findings of the Coordinator to the appropriate committees of Congress.

Mandates the report to include an assessment of the threats posed by Iran-origin unmanned aircraft systems and a detailed description of intelligence sharing efforts, as well as other joint efforts driven by intelligence information, with allies and partners of the United States, to assist in countering and neutralizing such threats. 

Mandates the report to include recommendations for any changes in United States policy designed to improve the capacity of the intelligence community to assist in countering such threats.

Encourages collaboration and the expansion of existing cooperative efforts among members of the Five Eyes Partnership and Israel for the purpose of countering Iran-origin unmanned aircraft systems.

---

DOC_ID: 344
Encourages AI-related programs and initiatives to enhance the competitiveness of the US based on innovation and entrepreneurialism. 

Promotes modernized business practices and advanced technologies aligned with US values, including protection of privacy, civil rights and civil liberties across the Federal Government.

Defines the term "artificial intelligence system".

Instructs the Secretary of Homeland Security, Chief Procurement Officer, Chief Information Officer, Chief Privacy Officer, and the Officer for Civil Rights and Civil Liberties of the Department to work together on policies for acquiring AI and considering the risks of AI.

Instructs the Inspector General to identify training and investments to enable the employees of the Office of the Inspector General to advance their understanding of AI and its usage.

Instructs Director of the Office of Management and Budget to develop guidance for policies for AI use in government, with inputs from both government agencies and non-governmental actors. 

Requests the Director of the Office of Management and Budget to brief congressional committees on the activities carried out under this Act. 

---

DOC_ID: 345
Requires each Secretary of a military department to hold an event every 180 days designed to collaborate with the private sector on, and raise awareness of, innovation in autonomous systems with military applications. 

For each such event, requires the Service Chief concerned to identify military requirements, capability gaps, and opportunities for experimentation or exercises related to the autonomous systems covered at the event. 

For each such event, requires the service acquisition executive of the involved military department to identify acquisition strategies and potential acquisition funding mechanisms for the autonomous systems covered at the event.

Requires Department of Defense officials to draft reviews of each such event, analyze the reviews to identify trends and key takeaways, and distribute the reviews within the Department. 

---

DOC_ID: 346
Requires the U.S. Coast Guard to establish a program for using unmanned vehicles -- designed to operate in the air, on the water, and/or below the water's surface --  to improve mission execution. 

Requires the Commandant of the Coast Guard to conduct a project that retrofits at least two small boats with the sensors, communication systems, computer vision systems, and autonomous control technology necessary to conduct unmanned search and rescue, surveillance, and interdiction missions. Requires the Commandant to collect and analyze operational data from this project to inform future requirements. 

Requires the Commandant to submit a project briefing including analysis of operational data and projected costs to the congressional transportation committees.

Requires the Commandant to submit to the congressional transportation committees a detailed description of the Coast Guard's strategy for integrating unmanned systems across mission areas, including an estimate of the resources needed to achieve such integration.

---

DOC_ID: 347
Requires the Secretary of the Department of Homeland Security to conduct a pilot program to assess the potential for the autonomous, or remotely controlled, operation and monitoring of certain Coast Guard vessels.

Requires the pilot program described above to assess the complexities and risks of autonomous or remotely controlled vessel operation, gather data on the practice, and assess the regulatory environment necessary to facilitate the practice going forward. 

Permits the pilot program to include operations relating to the launch and recovery of unmanned spaceflight vessels and components.

Permits the Secretary to modify or waive applicable regulations or guidance that would otherwise interfere with the pilot program.

Requires the Secretary to provide the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation of the Senate and the Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure and the Committee on Science, Space, and Technology of the House of Representatives with a quarterly briefing on the pilot program.

Requires the Secretary to submit to the Committee on Commerce, Science, and 
Transportation of the Senate and the Committee on Transportation and 
Infrastructure and the Committee on Science, Space, and Technology of 
the House of Representatives a final report assessing the execution of the pilot program and its implications for preserving safety and environmental quality. 

Requires the Comptroller General of the United States to consult with stakeholders and then submit to the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation of the Senate and the Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure of the House of Representatives a report on the commercial availability, barriers to use, safety and security risks, use abroad, and impact on labor of autonomous and remote technologies used in the operation of shipboard equipment.

---

DOC_ID: 348
Requires the Secretary of Defense to establish a new program that provides financial support to individuals studying digital technology-related areas critical to the Department of Defense, including AI. The program shall be called "Department of Defense Cyber and Digital Service Academy" and have a board of directors consisting of representatives from federal departments and agencies.

Eligible individuals need to be enrolled in a relevant program at an institution of higher education and commit to work for the Department of Defense in an area relevant to the program for a duration equivalent to the duration of the scholarship.

Requires a report to Congress on the success of the program every two years.

---

DOC_ID: 349
Instructs the Administrator of the National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration to promote the development and use of emerging technologies (e.g., sensors and autonomous vehicles) for research, communication, navigation, and data collection in marine science as part of the Administration's national ocean exploration program. 

Otherwise adjusts the precise parameters of the national ocean exploration program, including with regard to data collection and data sharing practices.

---

