DOC_ID: 370
Requires the Secretary of Defense to submit to the congressional defense committees a report on the Department of Defense's efforts to ensure that appropriate military systems can operate autonomously in GPS-denied environments.

Directs the report described above to include a list of systems which can be upgraded with autonomy software; the timelines for doing so; the funding required for doing so; plans to leverage artificial intelligence for such systems; plans for ensuring the safety and security of such systems through testing, evaluation, verification, and validation; and a list of Department policies that would require modification to facilitate this project.

---

DOC_ID: 371
Requires all eye assessments that utilize artificial intelligence or other advanced technology to conform to the traditional standards of in-person care.

Requires a medical professional to analyze any information collected or generated by an automated system during the eye assessment process.

Requires all eye assessments to involve the collection of a patient's relevant medical information, which must be stored in a medical record for at least 7 years. 



---

DOC_ID: 372
Requires the Director of the Office of Management and Budget to establish an artificial intelligence training program for the acquisition workforce to garner knowledge of the capabilities and risks associated with AI.

Requires the program to include information relating to AI risks mitigation and the identification of  reliable, safe, and trustworthy AI.

Requires the program to include information relating to future trends in AI, including trends for homeland and national security and innovation.
           
Requires the Director of the AI program to develop an interactive learning portfolio with technologists, scholars and experts from private, public and non profit sectors.

Requires the Director of the AI program to develop an evaluation system to track participation and improve the program

---

DOC_ID: 373
Instructs the Director of National Intelligence to develop a plan with other heads of the intelligence community for a modern digital ecosystem that enables the development and progress of artificial intelligence applications and present it to Congress within one year of the enactment of the Act.

Requires that the plan include policies to allow flexible access to classified facilities to select companies, establishes a system to allow for investments into the ecosystem that would address technical issues including but not limited to common interfaces, authentication, and software, and includes policies to prevent duplication of AI capabilities within the intelligence community.

Requires that the plan establish a governance structure to standardize implementation throughout the intelligence community and adheres to community and federal standards. 

---

DOC_ID: 374
Requires the President to establish a National Artificial Intelligence Initiative to support AI-related research, education, workforce development, planning, and international cooperation. 

Requires the creation of an office, interagency coordinating committee, external advisory committee, and a task force for a potential National AI Research Resource. Directs the interagency committee to create and periodically update a strategic plan for artificial intelligence.

Requires a National Academies study of the impact of AI on the workforce.

Directs the Director of the National Science Foundation to fund new AI research institutes as well as various activities related to AI research, education, engineering, and ethics.

Amends the National Institute of Standards and Technology Act to give NIST various duties and powers related to AI and data.

Directs the Administrator of the National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration to establish a Center for Artificial Intelligence.

Directs the Secretary of Energy to carry out an AI research and development program on topics including AI for science and trustworthy AI.

---

DOC_ID: 375
Establishes a department of Homeland security center for countering human trafficking.

Establishes (under section 4), a specialized initiative in conjuction with the Science and Technology Directorate Office of Science and Engineering to modify systems and processes towards countering human trafficking. 

Instructs the CCHT Director, in conjunction with the Science and Technology Directorate Office of Science and Engineering to apply analytics to automate manual processes.

Instructs the CCHT Director, in conjunction with the Science and Technology Directorate Office of Science and Engineering to provide artificial intelligence and machine learning techniques towards increasing system capabilities and enhancing data availability,  reliability, comparability, and verifiability.

---

DOC_ID: 376
Directs the Secretary of Commerce and the Federal Trade Commission to conduct a study on the state of the AI industry and its impact on the US economy.

Directs the Secretary and the Commission to conduct a survey of the AI market and supply chain, identify risks of exploitation by third parties, and provide recommendations to reduce bias, and protect privacy and security in AI applications.

Requires the Commission to conduct a study on how AI can be used to address online harms, including harmful content, disinformation, and crime.

---

DOC_ID: 377
Instructs the Secretary of Commerce in coordination with the Information Officer of the Department of Commerce to modify the manufacturing.gov website to include a section called the manufacturing.gov hub. 

Instructs the Secretary of Commerce to use machine learning in this hub to identify frequently asked questions and disseminate the answers to these questions to the public. 

---

DOC_ID: 378
Directs the Secretary of Health and Human Services to produce a report about the effects of media and technology use on the cognitive development, physical health, and mental health of infants, children, and adolescents.

Authorizes the Secretary to provide financial support to research agendas and programs on the same issues.

Instructs the Secretary to submit the aforementioned report, including grants and research funded under this act, to Congress no later than two years after the passage of this legislation.

---

DOC_ID: 379
Defines Artificial Intelligence

Creates a program called ‘‘AI Center of Excellence’’, (CoE) which shall facilitate the adoption of AI technologies in the Federal Government and improve cohesion in the adoption of artificial intelligence.

Stipulates certain functions of this program which includes; 
a.  Collaborating with individual agencies, federal laboratories, nonprofit organizations, institutions and other entities to discuss recent developments in AI.

b. Assisting agencies in applying Federal policies on the management and use of data in the use of AI.

c. Consulting with agencies, including the Department of Defense, the Department of Commerce, the Department of Energy, the Department of Homeland Security, the Office of Management and Budget, the Office of the Director of National Intelligence, and the National Science Foundation, on issues relating to AI.

Identifies the skills needed for future job positions within the CoE and establishes jobs within the CoE and their duration (2 and 5 years).

Instructs the Director of the CoE to submit a comprehensive plan to the Committee on Homeland Security and Governmental Affairs and the Committee on Oversight and Reform with a timeline to achieve paragraphs a,b,c,d within 120 days of the date of the enactment of the instrument.

Instructs the Director of the AI CoE to recommend approaches to remove barriers for use by agencies of AI technologies in order to promote their innovative application while protecting civil rights, and economic and national security; identify best practices for assessing and mitigating any discriminatory impact or bias on the basis of any classification protected under Federal nondiscrimination laws, or any unintended consequence of the use of AI.

---

