DOC_ID: 840
Establishes a permanent commission to monitor the use of AI in Rhode Island state government and recommend changes to the state’s use of automated decision-making (ADM) systems that may affect human welfare. 

Instructs the commission to continuously survey the state’s use of ADM systems, including identifying gaps in the procurement, evaluation, and ongoing testing of ADM systems, the training given to individuals using these systems, the transparency, explicability, and auditability of ADM systems, identifying and mitigating disparate outcomes due to protected characteristics, and addressing data security and intellectual property concerns. 

Requires the commission to include representatives from multiple state agencies (commerce, business regulation, children, youth, and families, etc.) and four from academic institutions. 

Requires the commission to submit an annual public report to the Governor and state legislature detailing its activities and findings, regulatory or legislative recommendations–specifically where state offices should or should not use automated decision systems, progress implementing previous recommendations, and the extent of algorithmic decision-making used by the state.

---

DOC_ID: 841
Makes it unlawful for an employer in New York to use or implement an automated decision tool to filter employment candidates or prospective candidates for hire that has not undergone an disparate impact assessment annually.

Requires employers to provide the department with a summary of their most recent disparate impact analysis annually. Allows the Attorney General and Commissioner to initiate investigations and legal action if violations are suspected or found. Requires a summary of the most recent disparate impact analysis of the automated decision tool and the distribution date of the tool to be made publicly available on the website of the employer prior to implementing the tool. 


---

DOC_ID: 842
Requires the Texas House of Representatives committee overseeing workforce development to conduct a study on whether to establish a workforce training program, administered by the Texas Workforce Commission, to train individuals currently in the workforce in the use, operation, and creation of AI systems. 

Requires the committee to report the results of the study to the Governor, Lieutenant Governor, Speaker of the House, and corresponding committee in the Senate no later than December 1, 2024.

---

DOC_ID: 843
Mandates that employers inform workers of data collection and distribution, including inputs for Automated Decision Systems (ADS), bans employers from collecting data for non-necessary business purposes, and mandates security measures to protect worker data.

Requires employers to inform workers before ADS use and annually provide workers with notice of all ADS in use, bans ADS use for employment decisions where there is potential for bias and/or discrimination, and requires third-party impact assessments to be conducted on such systems before and after use.

---

DOC_ID: 844
Amends the Illinois Human Rights Act to regulate the use of artificial intelligence (AI) in employment-related decisions.

Prohibits employers from using AI in recruitment, hiring, promotion, or other employment practices if it results in discrimination based on protected classes.

Requires employers to notify employees if AI is used in employment decisions.

Mandates the Illinois Department of Human Rights to adopt rules for implementing these AI-related provisions, including specifying conditions and timelines for providing notice.

Defines "artificial intelligence" as a machine-based system generating outputs like predictions or decisions that can influence environments.

Includes "generative artificial intelligence" as systems producing content simulating human-produced content based on prompts.

Takes effect on January 1, 2026.

---

DOC_ID: 845
Provides a multi-step plan in order to ensure that the United States will "continue to lead the world in developing emerging technologies".
Furthers the national interests and security goals of the nation.
Promotes collaboration between existing and new depraments.
Requires the Director of the Office of Science and Technology Policy to submit a detailed report regarding current investments, research and development projects, and more regarding the US mission to be involved in the development of creating the industries of the future. 
Defines the industries specifically
Outlines a plan to increase funding and investments to developments in Artificial Intelligence and Quantum Information Science to 10 billion dollars a year by the year 2025.
Instructs the President to create a council called the Industries of the Future Coordination Council to support and guide the Director.
Outlines the membership guidelines and duties of the councils to uphold the objective that the US will lead the world in technology.
Specifies the termination date of the policy to be 6 years from enactment, on Jan 1, 2027. 

---

DOC_ID: 846
Commits Microsoft to the responsible development and deployment of AI technologies, emphasizing collaboration with OpenAI and adherence to the National Institute of Standards and Technology AI Risk Management Framework.

Establishes a joint Microsoft-OpenAI Deployment Safety Board for pre-release AI model review, focusing on safety and capability thresholds.

Implements multi-layered AI governance and continuous risk evaluation, including red teaming for security and misuse detection.

Advances transparency through documentation and stakeholder engagement, informing on AI system capabilities and limitations.

Invests in AI safety research and collaborates globally on best practices for AI governance.

Supports a coordinated licensing regime for frontier models to enhance oversight and risk management.

Introduces initiatives like watermarking and metadata-based provenance for identifying AI-generated content.

Provides a framework for vulnerability disclosure and mitigation, offering rewards through bug bounty programs.

---

DOC_ID: 847
Directs the California Department of Technology to develop and implement a research plan on the feasibility and risks of advanced technologies, specifically AI, to improve state and local government services.

Requires the research plan to include an analysis of the potential benefits and risks of using AI chatbots/assistance in various government benefit and welfare programs (such as disability insurance or affordable housing), a review of best practices from other governments, a cost-benefit analysis of implementing AI in government services, recommendations for effective integration (including risk management and monitoring and evaluation guidelines), and recommendations for mitigating privacy issues.

Instructs the Department of Technology to report its findings to the legislature before January 1, 2026. 

---

DOC_ID: 848
Requires the New Jersey Commissioner of Labor and Workforce Development to conduct a study on the impact of AI-powered technology and automation on the growth of the State’s economy. 

Requires the Commissioner to issue a report within a year that addresses the predicted impact of AI on the labor market for highly skilled professionals, the occupations most affected by and new professions that may be created due to expanded use of AI, the impact of AI on labor productivity and economic growth, and the implications for long-term workforce education.

---

DOC_ID: 849
Establishes a temporary New York state commission, composed of 13 members appointed by stakeholders in government and academia, to study the impact of and make determinations on how to regulate AI, robotics, and automation.

Requires the commission to study existing state laws and comparative state regulations for AI, the impact of AI on employment and data privacy, public sector AI applications, and the potential impact of AI regulation on industry. Requires the commission to make determinations regarding criminal and civil liability for AI-enabled violations of law and potential restrictions on AI use in weaponry. 

Requires the commission to issue a final report to the governor and other state leaders before December 31, 2024.

---

